# Fos Fiolet
(the main character and the narrator of sunflos)


|             |                    |
| ----------- | ------------------ |
| Nationality | Lashian (Northern) |
| Birth Date  | 21 June L.S. 81    |
| Gender      | Female             |
| Elemental   | Thunder Mage       |

## Childhood
Fos Fiolet was born in House Valley, a town in North Lashia. She was the love child of Charlotte Aemond and Elliot Fiolet, alongside with her brother, Fray. Since very young age, Fiolet was indeed bold, brave and stubborn. Yet those defiance never turn the town against her. House Valley was the land of frost. Her strawberry blond and red hair and bright hazel eyes was their warmth in the long cold winter.

Fiolet was five when her magic revealed. On the very late afternoon, Fiolet fell through ice and almost drowned in the frozen pool. The townsfolk pulled her out, but her body was cold and her heart nearly stopped. They, even her mother who is a doctor, thought that the hope was dim, since there is no fire mage nearby to bring her warmth back. At that very moment, the purse of electric miraculously sparked in her heart. She survived. In that very day, the old mage of the age was died.

The miracle of new founded Thunder Mage was the tale to the town until its end. Everyone expected her to be a mage of association. Some even believed she will be the new mage of age. Fiolet seemed to be a talented mage in every aspect. Her thunder controlling was precise, since she was fond in Archery before. And she had the scholar's mind of her mother. Her future was vividly bright.

## The explosion accident
The fate always has its viciousness. It was a long night of winter that the tragic occurred, the blast swallowed away the whole house valley town. Fos Fiolet was the only survivor. Her brother who was in the kid's winter sport at the time was also survived. Mary Iris, the volunteer mage, found her unconscious at the cliff. In the funeral, Fray's crying sound teared away everyone heart. But to every soul's surprise, they swear they *didn't see Fiolet shred a single tear*. With that, after the funeral, both of them had to move to the Central town living with their mother's clan Aemond.

## Life in the Central city

Umer Aemond, the electrical engineering professor, took care of them. The Aemond saw the potential in both Fos and Fray. They support Fray to pursue in Ice Skating sport, and the boy blessed by it. Fos was expected to be a mage of association and move to Perlock, but, unlike her brother, Fos refused. She was in grieve and seem to never found her way out of it like Fray. It's worth mentioning about politic and Fos's dilemma. The news of House Valley spread everywhere in the country after the tragic was report as the science-magic lab failed experiment costed the whole city. This alone twist the political of conservative mage to the rising era again. In the madness of politic, Fos's name luckily seem to fade in the current, leaving the kid out of the vicious spotlight. Fos, at the time, knew that she could say anything, against or in favor to mage association, her words will be printed all across the continent. Miracle's girl words could spark even the revolution. But Fos chose to keep quiet. Though, all her life, she was recognized as a brave girl, but she couldn't bare herself lead such a bloody events. With that decision, Fos lived with the guilt of quietness along with all her life.

Though she protest in moving to Perlock, and even hated her own cousin she fond of to move there instead of her, she was still learning about magic, but refused to be in anyone's convenient way. Again, she had scholar's mind of her mother who was the only female doctor a decade ago. The viciousness of her grandmother who create the whole Aemond clan hold the shared in many Lashian industries. And the rebellious mind of her great grand mother, who she'd never seen, the noble who funded the revolution 90 years ago. Her spell was no suit for convention. She seem to stuck between the style of Herton Strayl and Thranival. She was fond of old scholar writing and, even broke it a lot, knew the law well. If magic school was still around, she'd easily be the top one.

### Magical research
Fos at the time was 15 when she found her acquittance, Steffanie Milkan. Steffanie was exceptional Umer's student. Both of them was talented in electrical, one in mage way and another in scientist way. Such acquittance lead them to research in many magic spell, which, to the professors eyes, will revolutionize the industry. Unfortunately, the researches was prohibited, due to concern about their safety toward the mage association power.

### The murder accusation
Another twist in Fiolet's life happened as she was accused to committed the murder. She was justice innocent since action was for her defense, and the case has been proved that she didn't use any magic. But the damage got done, and the reputation was fragile. The law college in the Central she was looking forward would never accept her. The only way to pursue her plan in life, on one knew if she had any, or she just tossed the coin and went on, was to study in the old university in the North instead.

## Moving back to the North
Fiolet, in her 16th, moved back to the North again. Umer Aemond suggested with worriedness that she could wait at the central until 18 so she could apply to Thranival, but Fos insisted in moving back to her region. She secretly contacted Mary Iris to see if she had any suggestion. Mary, though with disagreement, said that she had a friend opened a bakery in the town near Thranival. Fos moved there. She found her new friends with unserious interaction. They are a band girls finding a drummer, but wrote a sign told 'We Have No Drummer.' Someone in-between, who Fos asked to help finding places, saw the sign and mistook it as they don't wish drummer in band, which is match with Fos who had PTSD of blast noise. They found out this miscommunication, and as Fos said it was fine, she could fine the new flat mate, the girls band love her guts, and decided they want this girl living in than a drummer.

In that year, Fos lived in peace. She seem to be like most mage who gave up. To everyone else's eyes, she rejected to be involved with any mages. But she knew it herself that she still had Melanyse's magic encyclopedia, which is rare edition and was prohibited, deep in her desk. Her hands didn't write, but her mind still think about the formation of new spells. It was strong enough to make her cast in sleep and wake her up with uncertain electricity, which the flat mate mistook it as ghost. She still read every news about mage crimes, she even tossed her theories by accidents. She was escaping, though, she knew she was haunted by her own old self.

sunflos's main timeline happened when she was 17. in the winter of L.S. 98, when was about to went North to the town nearest to House Valley, where Fray was living. A random man told her she is going die before next morning. The prophecy was not true, but she got severe headache and passed out in the Balance town. She was helped by a mage secret order, which is against the mage association. The prophet man was in it too. His name was Reklaw, the former member of Mage Investigation Department. Reklaw told her she is, again, the only survivor of this strange magical death. He helped her back to the town, and told her he knew someone who was involved in House Valley's cases, if she wished to know insight from the mage's side. After she'd been running for years, the uncertain world of magic caught her again.